When we look at this reducer,
it's for courses.
And so my initial course is state, and
then I'm handling a bunch
of different actions.
So you can see here, well,
what are these actions?
Well, the course is actions,
and they're doing corsi
things like load course,
create course, etc.
Well, you may not realize this,
but I just switched the slide.
And how you would know
this is if I just go back,
one is for courses, one is for lessons.
And if I hold these side by side,
what's different?
The only thing that is
different is the fact that
we are dealing with two
separate domain models.
This is good convention, and this is
why good architecture is so powerful.
And so I wanna take you on
a quick horizontal tour.
So instead of saying,
let's talk about an application,
let's talk about the features.
We have the courses feature,
we have the users feature,
we have the lessons feature.
And this is going to set the stage for
us to start to get into code.
So horizontal tour.
And this is around NGRX or
really Redux is very,
very conventional in this way as well.
When you are writing your
state layer using any NGRX or
Redux, you have your actions.
Well, these are so simple,
we don't even write test for them, but
you have selectors.
They're very simple,
they're very conventional.
You have entities, simple, conventional,
reducers, simple, conventional, facade.
Now, this is a hot topic, but
I am profacades because it
decouples the component layer
from the rest of the application.
In other words, I don't believe your
component layer should be coupled to
the implementation details of how
you manage state, different course,
different workshop.
But I will say this, it should be
simple as it's a delegation layer.
Effects, well, these are complex as it
contains asynchronous business logic.
And then your initial wiring.
So this is semi complex as
it is initially tedious.
When we start talking about CLIs,
you'll see this as being the case.
But think about this before I go into
the next kind of version of this,
where we extend this.
If you have two airlines, and
I know this because I've
actually built an application for
an airline, you have two airlines,
and they have mobile apps.
What is going to change
from one app to the other?
For the most part,
the domain models are identical because
the infrastructure is the same.
Guess what,
they're flying airplanes into airports,
and they have passengers and
pilots and tickets and
reservations, and so
their domain models are the same.
What changes from one
application to another?
Two things, in my opinion,
so put my thumb down.
One, UI UX and your business domain logic.
So for instance,
Southwest has different business rules for
travelers versus American Airlines.
The domain models are the same,
the business logic is different,
the user experience is different.
For the most part,
everything else is identical.
The things that change from
application to application is
typically your UI UX and
your business logic.
And I propose that this is
where you should spend 90% of
your time in the software development
lifecycle is one, nailing your UI UX.
And then building rock solid
logic around your business layer.
Everything else find a way to automate it,
be rapid about it.
Be rad about it so
you can focus on the things that matter,
your business logic and your UI UX.
So, I'm gonna just flip
through these real quick.
But what I want you to notice
is that these are very,
very small basic pieces of code.
So actions, they're conventional.
Selectors, they're conventional.
Entities, these are very conventional.
Reducers, conventional.
And what's interesting about this is
that when NGRX implemented entities,
they basically borrowed directly from
the Redux how they are handling it.
So, the code is very simple or similar.
So entities, reducers, all together.
This is, again,
notice that these are very small pieces
of code that are put together,
a conventional facade.
And so, I will point out at the top,
we are executing a query on the store,
so you have a clearly segmented
section for your queries.
And underneath of it, we are just patching
actions, which is a clear separation for
your command.
So command query or separation is,
I think really important.
And then our effects, so
this is where the complexity comes in.
And this can be very complex, but this is
where you should spend most of your time.
Wiring, so this is typically for me that
I prefer to take all of my state slices,
and then put them into a single reducer
that I then register with my application.
So this is angular and NGRX, but
these are the little things that they take
a little bit of time, but
they can be automated.
So in terms of a basic front end project,
same thing.
HTTP services, simple conventional,
your container components, conventional.
I like to do a list presentation
component, conventional,
details component, conventional.
Your basic shell, well,
now, we're back into UI UX.
So this is semi complex.
Styling, this can become very complex.
Project generation,
simple and conventional.
So, just blowing through these real quick,
this is what an HTTP service
looks like in Angular.
It looks even simpler using Axios in
React, which we'll see a little bit later.
Container component, simple.
Here is the component itself.
Notice, the one thing I wanna
point out is I flip through these.
Notice how small my functions are,
they are fine grained
single purpose functions.
The reason being is that I am
reducing the potential for
code variants at each individual layer.
This component, list component,
I mean, this is beauty.
I think this type of a presentation
component is one of the prettiest things
in the world.
I would take this home to meet my mother,
that's how much I like it.
Details component, Simple, so this is
where things get a little interesting.
So if you're building an application,
it's kind of the shell of do we
want something on the side, a menu?
You have to start to
think about those things.
And so once we start to get
into the UI UX portion of it,
you have to start making decisions.
And rightly, so because this is
what's going to delineate or
distinguish your application from
every other application in the world.
And I think it's ironic when
you are using a framework,
let's say material, they'll allows you
to get up and running very quickly.
The problem is that everything looks
the same, and so what are you gonna do?
You're going to spend and invest some time
into changing that user experience into
something that is a little bit more
congruent with your stakeholders vision or
whoever that may be.
To kind of summarize this with a landing,
let me stick it,
that I flipped through a bunch of code.
And a lot of this is very, very small,
fine grained pieces of code.
And this allows us,
this is the architecture that we need,
is that we need to think
about things horizontally,
we need to write very
small single purpose code.
And every good architecture book in
the world agrees with me on this.
And when you start to go
through this horizontally,
is that I could swap out
just little foreshadowing.
That if in this case I swapped out course
with lesson, you think this would work?
Would suddenly this become
a lessons detail component?
Think about it, you're gonna have to come
back in six months for season two for
me to get you off this cliffhanger,
totally kidding.
But Horizontal not vertical,
this approach opens up
a world of possibilities.